# 2016.ComNet.1st.Assignment
吴先 1300012817

---

## R11.
Beacuse TCP can provide reliable, ordered, and error-checked delivery of a stream of octets between applications. However, there is no guarantee of delivery, ordering, or duplicate protection when using UDP. The protocals of HTTP, FTP, SMTP, POP3 need such guarantee, so they use TCP.

## R19.
It's possible. The mail exchanger record (MX record) is used to map the mail server’s host name to its IP address.

## P7.
The time elapses should be $2RTT_0+RTT_1+\cdots +RTT_n$. Specifically, it should be $RTT_1+RTT_2+\cdots +RTT_n$, when $RTT_0$ is given zero.

For a client-server, the minimum time should be $max\{\frac{NF}{u_s}, \frac{F}{d_i}\}$. Here is the table of time with $F=15GB, u_s=30Mbps, d_i=2Mbps$.

|\|10|100|1000|
|-|--|---|----|
|300KBPS|7680|51200|512000|
|700KBPS|7680|51200|512000|
|2MBPS|7680|51200|512000|

For a P2P distribution, the minimum time is $max\{\frac{F}{u_s}, \frac{F}{d_i}, \frac{NF}{u_s+\sum^N_{i=1}u_i}\}$.

|\|10|100|1000|
|-|--|---|----|
|300KBPS|7680|25904|47559|
|700KBPS|7680|15616|21525|
|2MBPS|7680|7680|7680|

## P23.
### a.
Considering the condition, for a server, the rate of sending a file to each server is $\frac{u_s}{N}$, which is less than all the client's download rate, given $\frac{u_s}{N}\le d_{min}$. So it takes $\frac{F}{\frac{u_s}{N}}$ for a client to receive the whole file, so the total time is $\frac{NF}{u_s}$.

### b.
Considering the condition, for each client, the rate of downloading a file from the server is $d_{min}$, which is less than the server's send rate, given $\frac{u_s}{N}\ge d_{min}$. So it takes $\frac{F}{d_{min}}$ for a client to receive the whole file, so the total time is $\frac{F}{d_{min}}$.

### c.
From the conclusion above, we can get the equation that:
$$
DT = \frac{NF}{u_s} \quad when \quad \frac{u_s}{N}\le d_{min}
$$
$$
DT = \frac{F}{d_{min}} \quad when \quad \frac{u_s}{N}\ge d_{min}
$$
so,
$$
DT = max\{\frac{NF}{u_s}, \frac{F}{d_{min}}\}
$$

## P24.
Define $u=u_1+u_2+\cdots +u_N$.
### a.
Divide the file into $N$ parts equally. The server sends the $i_{th}$ part to peer $i$ at a rate of $r_i=(\frac{u_i}{u})u_s$. The rate of $u_s=\sum^N_{i=1}r_i$ is less than the link rate of the server. We have $(N-1)r_i=(N-1)\frac{u_su_i}{u}\le u_i$, So each peer has a download rate of $r_i+\sum_{j!=i}r_j=u_s$, so the total time is $\frac{F}{u_s}$.

### b.
Divide the file into $N+1$ parts. The server sends the $i_{th}$ part to peer $i$ and each peer $i$ forwards the part to the others at a rate of $r_i$. The ser sends the last part at a rate of $r_{N+1}$ to the $N$ peers. The peers do not forward the last part.

The send rate of the server is
$$
\sum^N_{i=1}r_i+Nr_{N+1}=\frac{u}{N-1}+u_s-\frac{u}{N-1}=u_s
$$

The send rate of the peer is
$$
(N-1)r_i=u_i
$$

So the download rate is
$$
r_i+r_N+\sum_{j!=i}r_j=\frac{u_s+u}{N}
$$

The total time is $\frac{NF}{u_s+u}$

### c.
Just as the proof of P23., considering the condition of $u_s$ and $\frac{u_s+u}{N}$, 
$$
DT=max\{\frac{F}{u_s}, \frac{NF}{u_s+u}\}
$$